Holland America has been cruising Alaska for over sixty years
so they, they own it. They know Alaska.
They are the number one cruise line to look at.
They offers Glacier Bay National Park
on every cruise itinerary that they're offering.
They have the most rights to places in Alaska
that other cruise lines cannot get to.
So Holland America’s cabins onboard,
they’re more spacious then the other cruise lines.
You have an average of a hundred and ninety square feet
so you’re walking in you have a small sofa or seating area
and then you have your beds that will convert to, to one queen bed
and those cabins will accommodate up to four as well.
So you can have one in a bunk and one on the sofa bed.
Balconies are a great option for cruising Alaska and you have your
private space to view those glaciers when you’re entering,
you know, Glacier Bay National Park or Hubbard Glacier.
That is such an awe inspiring thing you can
you can take a helicopter and land on Mendenhall Glacier
and you can go dog sledding on top of a glacier
something you cannot do anywhere else in the world.
You can hike through the rainforest, you can go whale watching,
orca whales and humpback whales. The sea lions are everywhere
and the, the salmon fishing is a big thing in Alaska so bear sightings
so it’s all nature and just the, the scenery is incredible.
You can board the Yukon White Pass railway
and it’s an amazing, it’s one of the top train rides in the world
from Skagway up to Summit.
You have your glacier route which is going either North bound or South bound
from Seward cruising down to Vancouver or vice versa.
They have an inside passage which is cruising from
Vancouver round trip back down to Vancouver as well as when they’re offering
round trip from Seattle. Shore excursions are at additional costs
so whether you’re choosing to do a helicopter ride
which might run you three, four hundred dollars or whether you’re doing
a city tour for thirty dollars of Sitka. It’s all depending on
personal choice and what you’re looking to experience in Alaska.
It’s a once in a life time thing and I always recommend to clients to, to do
if, if that’s what you want to do just do it.